README.md, before:

# React Native Templates

All templates were developed by @nacho-11

**Table of Contents**

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Templates](#templates)
  - [Base](#base)
- [Useful Links](#useful-links)
- [Useful Packages](#useful-packages)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Templates

## Base

Basic template with defined folder structure, JSX, React Navigation, ESLint with Prettier and methods for responsive styles.

# Useful Links

- [React Native Directory](https://reactnative.directory/)
- [App icon Generator](https://appicon.co/)
- [Easy App Icon](https://easyappicon.com/)
- [Android Asset Studio](https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/index.html)
- [React Native Shadow Generator](https://ethercreative.github.io/react-native-shadow-generator/)

# Useful Packages

- [react-native-elements/react-native-elements](https://github.com/react-native-elements/react-native-elements)
- [junedomingo/react-native-rename](https://github.com/junedomingo/react-native-rename)
- [novom/react-native-set-version ](https://github.com/novom/react-native-set-version)
- [DylanVann/react-native-fast-image](https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image)
- [zoontek/react-native-localize](https://github.com/zoontek/react-native-localize)

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add Base + Redux + Redux Thunk template

README.md, after:

# React Native Templates

All templates were developed by @nacho-11

**Table of Contents**

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Templates](#templates)
  - [Base](#base)
  - [Base + Redux + Redux Thunk](#base--redux--redux-thunk)
- [Useful Links](#useful-links)
- [Useful Packages](#useful-packages)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Templates

## Base

Basic template with defined folder structure, JSX, React Navigation, ESLint with Prettier and methods for responsive styles.

## Base + Redux + Redux Thunk

Template with defined folder structure, JSX, React Navigation, ESLint with Prettier and methods for responsive styles and Redux implementation with Redux Thunk.

# Useful Links

- [React Native Directory](https://reactnative.directory/)
- [App icon Generator](https://appicon.co/)
- [Easy App Icon](https://easyappicon.com/)
- [Android Asset Studio](https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/index.html)
- [React Native Shadow Generator](https://ethercreative.github.io/react-native-shadow-generator/)

# Useful Packages

- [react-native-elements/react-native-elements](https://github.com/react-native-elements/react-native-elements)
- [junedomingo/react-native-rename](https://github.com/junedomingo/react-native-rename)
- [novom/react-native-set-version ](https://github.com/novom/react-native-set-version)
- [DylanVann/react-native-fast-image](https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image)
- [zoontek/react-native-localize](https://github.com/zoontek/react-native-localize)
